So you're gonna be adding
a subscription for new posts.
So if you go to the resolvers and
then createPost,
you'll notice that you get pubsub.publish,
NEW_POST event, you get create a new post.
You need to set this up so it works.
So obviously, a couple things you're gonna
have to do is you're gonna have to add
a subscription for the new posts.
And what I mean by that is you need
to go to your type definitions, and
you need to add a subscription down
here for when a new post is created.
You can call the field whatever you want,
just make sure you also add the resolver
for it in the resolvers file.
And then you need to publish to
subscription when a post is created,
I already left that part in for you.
You can change the name of
the event if you want to,
if you don't like the event that I chose.
Or if your field name is different, for
instance, the one that I left in there for
you, the field name on
createPost is newPost.
So that would be the field name
on my subscription object.
If your subscription object
has a different field name,
then you need to change that to be
a different field name as well.
And then obviously, publish your posts.
And if you have a different event than I
do, then you would change the event, but
I think this one's up top, so
you get that for free as well.
You also need to add authentication
to the subscription.
So I didn't have authentication in my
example, but I showed you how to do it.
And basically it was using
the context objects, I'm sorry,
using the Subscriptions field
on the Apollo server object,
there's onConnect, and
his onConnect takes an object of fields.
And in GraphQL Playground,
whatever you pass on the header section in
GraphQL Playground is gonna
be accessible on this.
So whatever logic you see in the context
object that we already have inside of
index.js, so this logic as far as
getting a user and setting a context.
You would have to do that inside
of Subscriptions, onConnect,
and you would get some params here.
And what I've been saying is this params,
at least in this example,
this params is gonna be the same thing
as req.headers, it's the same thing.
req.headers and
params are gonna have whatever you pass
to GraphQL Playground's headers field.
So any object that's in headers in
GraphQL Playground is gonna be attached to
the req.headers, and it's also gonna
be attached to these params here.
So that means you could literally
do the exact same logic here,
probably copy and paste.
>> You're passing your pubsub object in
the context to get it into the resolvers?
>> I am not passing the pubsub
into the context, but
I like the way you're thinking.
You could totally do that if
you want to be able to pass it
around to every single one, so yeah.
onConnect, well,
there's problems around that, but
I don't think we'll run
into that problem here.
But basically, if we go down and
look at the, wait, I'm not on
the solution graphs, never mind.
You'll see, done do that on this example,
you'll run into problems.
Because you need access to
the pubsub outside the resolver,
inside a subscribe function on a resolver.
So you don't have it yet because you
don't have access to the context.
So there's scenarios where you won't
have it, in other scenarios you might.
Cool, and then I have something here
called add a filter for a subscription.
I don't have time to talk about
the filters for extra credit, so
don't worry about that,
I can talk about that when I get back.
But basically that is like adding
arguments to your subscriptions, where you
can say, I only wanna subscribe to this
event and only when it has this data.
So you can add a filter.
It's basically arguments for
your subscriptions,
just like arguments you have for
your queries and mutations.
And then try out your subscriptions
with GraphQL Playground.
So remember,
you have to open up one tab in Chrome or
whatever your browser is, and you have
to open up an entirely different tab.
You can't just make a new
tab in GraphQL Playground,
it won't work,
at least in my experience it didn't.
So you have to open up a whole other tab.
Just hit play in the subscription one, and
then do some mutations in the next and
then observe.
And what I'll do is I'll
leave up this file,
I don't know what part would be the most
helpful, but maybe this part here.
So again, you're creating subscriptions
for when a new post is created, that's it.
You wanna subscribe to that.
And in a social network or something,
that would be like a public feed.
If you were listening on a feed,
that's when you would listen for
some new posts or something like that.